okay so here's the video couldn't show
you earlier yeah should be a lot clearer
now all right here we go as I look up oh
so slow it is but what I look close the
speed of it it is pretty bad now
officially the after with my other
controller this is the result of me
sanding down the outer ring after i
carve it that's my son the background
he's a having fun right now he's eating
sorry don't do this at home guys they
although if you're risking electric
shock or not but I'm not even unplugging
this okay so here is actually my stick
as you can see I look up and down it's a
lot quicker so this may actually need
your sensitivity adjustment I'm not sure
actually this feels like a brand new
controller to me so yeah and
it's pretty much it and I'll do a real
quick up and down look for you guys and
he knows how I didn't unplug it right
guys the most how it did not plug it
that's because i'm using the same
controller I mean there's a possibility
I could just like leave the case on done
and it'll work just fine without it
which it does but after getting the same
result now with the case on and it works
perfectly so go ahead and use my
tutorial I don't care just make sure the
carpets and it don't jungle over both
the sanding just like the video before
and yeah that's about it thanks for
watching